docs: Also mention nginx configuration for sys_max_size_upload (#1489)
Enalean/tuleap-documentation-en: languages/en/administration-guide/application-management/configuration-variables.rst

+---------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| $sys_file_deletion_delay                    | ``3``                                       | Delay between the date when a doc is deleted by a user and the date the corresponding file is erased on the filesystem. Useful for backup and to restore files that where deleted by mistake. Default value is 3 days.                                       |
+---------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | $sys_max_size_upload                        | ``67108864``                                | Max upload size for quick release documentation. Expressed in bytes, e.g. 67108864 for 64 MiB. Make sure that php.ini, mysql (``/etc/my.cnf``) and nginx (``/etc/nginx/conf.d/tuleap.conf``) configuration files are also set to allow this size.            |

Reviewer: The MySQL part can be removed, I do not think we store anything large into it anymore (it will break for other reasons anyway)

Author: Ok, done

> | $sys_max_size_upload                        | ``67108864``                                | Max upload size for quick release documentation. Expressed in bytes, e.g. 67108864 for 64 MiB. Make sure that php.ini and nginx (``/etc/nginx/conf.d/tuleap.conf``) configuration files are also set to allow this size.                                     |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| $sys_max_size_upload                        | ``67108864``                                | Max upload size for quick release documentation. Expressed in bytes, e.g. 67108864 for 64 MiB. Make sure that php settings (``post_max_size`` and ``upload_max_filesize`` in ``/etc/opt/remi/phpXX/php-fpm.d/tuleap.conf`` where XX corresponds to php version eg ``82``) and nginx (``client_max_body_size`` in ``/etc/nginx/conf.d/tuleap.conf``) configuration files are also set to allow this size.                                     |
```
